Added caveats section to TN0012 (#768)
apollographql/docs: src/content/technotes/TN0012-namespacing-by-separation-of-concern.mdx

  }
}
```

## Caveats

> As pointed out by [members from the GraphQL Technical Steering Committee]((https://benjie.dev/graphql/nested-mutations)), while the above approach does execute in a GraphQL server, it does not satisfy the GraphQL spec requirement that:

Reviewer: Not sure if this was accidental double parenthesis?

```suggestion
As pointed out by [members from the GraphQL Technical Steering Committee](https://benjie.dev/graphql/nested-mutations), while the above approach does execute in a GraphQL server, it does not satisfy the GraphQL spec requirement that:
```

> resolution of fields other than top-level mutation fields must always be side effect-free and idempotent.

> Instead it is recommended that any GraphQL mutations by specified at the root level so they are executed serially, or that any nested fields are combined so only one action is actually performed.

Reviewer: Please note that this latter solution can still cause issues with normalized stores; I suggest removing it.

```suggestion
Instead it is recommended that any GraphQL mutations by defined at the root level so they are executed serially and in accordance with the expectations of the specification.
```

> At this time, there is currently not an official name spacing tool that nested mutations aims to solve, but there has been a [proposal for GraphQL Namespaces](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-spec/issues/163) open for some time where we encourage community members to share their requirements for any spec updates.

Reviewer: Another potential solution worth discussing is "serial fields" (https://github.com/graphql/graphql-spec/issues/252) though I think "serial types" would be a better framing for that particular solution.

Perhaps:

```suggestion
At this time the only solution the GraphQL specification provides for grouping related mutations is field naming conventions and ordering these fields carefully - there's currently no spec-compliant solution to having an overwhelming number of fields on the root mutation type. However, there are some interesting proposals to address this issue that we encourage community members to review and provide feedback on, in particular the [proposal for GraphQL Namespaces](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-spec/issues/163) and the [proposal for "serial fields"](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-spec/issues/252).
```

  }
}
```

## Caveats

> As pointed out by Benjie from the technical steering committee, while the above approach does work in practice, it is [currently unsupported by the spec](https://benjie.dev/graphql/nested-mutations).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As pointed out by [members from the GraphQL Technical Steering Committee]((https://benjie.dev/graphql/nested-mutations)), while the above approach does execute in a GraphQL server, it does not satisfy the GraphQL spec requirement that:

> resolution of fields other than top-level mutation fields must always be side effect-free and idempotent.

Instead it is recommended that any GraphQL mutations by specified at the root level so they are executed serially, or that any nested fields are combined so only one action is actually performed.
```

> However, at this time, there is currently no alternative, but there has been a [proposal for GraphQL Namespaces](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-spec/issues/163) since 2016.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this time, there is currently not an official name spacing tool that nested mutations aims to solve, but there has been a [proposal for GraphQL Namespaces](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-spec/issues/163) open for some time where we encourage community members to share their requirements for any spec updates.
```
